Initial Documentation for OpenMP on Aurora (#345)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/programming-models/openmp-aurora.md

  2) mpich/51.2/icc-all-pmix-gpu   4) *oneapi/eng-compiler/2022.12.30.003*              6) cray-pals/1.3.3

```

However, additional versions of oneAPI with newer compiler versions can be found by adding additional modules to your path:

```
> module use /soft/modulefiles/
> module avail oneapi

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- /soft/modulefiles ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------\
   oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.05.15.003    oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.10.15.002        oneapi/release/2023.10.15.001        spack-pe-oneapi/0.5-rc1 (D)
   oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.05.15.006    oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.12.15.002 (D)    oneapi/release/2023.12.15.001 (D)
   oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.05.15.007    oneapi/release/2023.05.15.001             spack-pe-oneapi/0.4-rc1

------------------------------------------------------------------------- /opt/aurora/23.073.0/modulefiles -------------------------------------------------------------------------\
   oneapi/eng-compiler/2022.12.30.003 (L)    oneapi/release/2022.12.30.001
```

> The additional oneAPI modules can be loaded with 'module load oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.10.15.002' for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The additional oneAPI modules can be loaded with `module load oneapi/eng-compiler/2023.10.15.002`, for example.
```

## Building on Aurora

The following table shows the compiler and flags

|language | MPI wrapper compiler (underlying compiler) | flag to turn on OpenMP support and target CPU threads | additional flags to target GPU devices
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | Fortran | mpifort (ifx) | -fiopenmp | -fopenmp-targets=spir64_gen -Xopenmp-target-backend "-device pvc"

Reviewer: Might want to add code fence backticks into table entries here

Author: I made the change and pushed it, thanks!

| C | mpicc (icx) | -fiopenmp | -fopenmp-targets=spir64_gen -Xopenmp-target-backend "-device pvc"
| C++ | mpicxx (icpx) | -fiopenmp | -fopenmp-targets=spir64_gen -Xopenmp-target-backend "-device pvc"

## Running on Aurora

To run, you can run the produced executable or with mpiexec in a job script, and then submit the script to an Aurora queue, like:

```
$ cat submit.sh
#!/bin/sh
#PBS -l select=1
#PBS -l walltime=0:30:00
#PBS -q EarlyAppAccess 
#PBS -A Project

cd ${PBS_O_WORKDIR}
 mpiexec -n 1 ./executable
$ # submit to the queue:
$ qsub -l select=1 -l walltime=0:30:00 -q EarlyAppAccess -A Project ./submit.sh
```

> In the above, having the PBS options in the script and on the command line is redundant, but we put it there to show both ways of launching. This submits the script to one node in the EarlyAppAccess queue on Aurora, requesting 30 min. It will charge project "Project" for the time. You should replace it with your project name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above, having the PBS options in the script and on the command line is redundant, but we put it there to show both ways of launching. This submits the script to one node in the `EarlyAppAccess` queue on Aurora, requesting 30 min. It will charge project `Project` for the time. You should replace it with your project name.
```
